Thiyagu M
9940271317


Experience

July 2015–present
Eagle Swipe• Android Developer • Eagle Software India Pvt ltd
Developed an Android Payment Processing Application which will
communicate with MPOS device through Bluetooth and collect credit
card/debit card data to form ISO 8583 standard Message for the
following types of transaction: Sale, Void, and Refund, reconciliation,
Balance Enquiry. Used multiple security techniques to detect code
change in compiled code or in APK file. Executed complete design,
security and App flow
Working:
Initially the app will search for MPOS device and upon the successful
pair; the app will send the device information and MPOS device
information along with login credentials encrypted using AES encryption.
I used the SHA-1 of the signed certificate of the client as the key to
encrypt the login data. The same certificate will be used in the backend
to decrypt the login data for validation. Upon Decompilation of APK, the
security will tamper hence the login data cannot be processed and it
works as initial security. upon successful login the following transactions
the user can select
 Sale
 Void
 Refund
 Balance Enquiry
 Reconciliation
Upon selecting the transaction type now MPOS will listen for cards to
swipe, insert or tap. if swipe action detected then the track1 data and
track2 data will be parsed from the magnetic strip card to form the card
data(like the name on the card, pan number, expiry date, CVV LRC
checker) and if insert action detected then EMV reading process will be
initiated to read tags from the chip. If the tap is detected then

Education

9/3, MARKET LANE,
KALMANDAPAM,
ROYAPURAM,
CHENNAI-13
9940271317

thiyagucoder@gmail.com
https://github.com/TakuC
oder/

contactless reading process to read the chip data will initiate. Upon
collecting the card data the following encryption will happen.
Initially, the MPOS will be injected with a set of keys which will be
generated by the Safe Net Hardware Security Module.
Below the key generated by the HSM:
 Clear KTM
 Track Initial Pin Encryption Key
 EMV Initial Pin Encryption Key
 PIN Initial Pin Encryption Key
 Track Key Serial number
 EMV Key Serial number
 PIN Key Serial number
If Magnetic strip card is detected then the magnetic data will be
encrypted under Track Initial Pin Encryption Key. If EMV card detected
then the EMV data will be encrypted under EMV Initial Pin Encryption
Key. Card PIN data will be encrypted under PIN Initial Pin Encryption Key.
Each transaction will have a counter which will increment the Specific
Key serial number. On Performing a Magnetic Card transaction, Track
Key Serial number will increment. On Performing an EMV Card
transaction, EMV Key Serial number will increment. On Performing a PIN
transaction, PIN Key Serial number will increment. After performing all
the above process the data will be encrypted with SSL certificate and
transported to the landing server. Upon the successful transaction the
cardholder. Signature will be collected and a receipt will be sent to the
mobile number.

August 2018–present
Deal Club• Android Developer • Eagle Software India Pvt ltd
Deal Club can organize various vendors to marketing their products in a
single place. Merchants can advertise their product offers using an
android and user can install an android app to receive offers based on
geological location. User can avail the offer by showing the QR code to
the respective Merchant.Deal Club enables retailers to run their own
loyalty program through rewards, communications and marketing
automations. Deal Club is a loyalty mobile app that enables you to earn
and spend points at all your favorite stores.
Personal project 1–Postman-Android

Postman-Android is a REST API testing tool for Android devices. It helps
to test REST API without desktops can submit a HTTP request with
several headers, parameters and raw request body by 6 different HTTP
methods including GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE and PATCH. HTTP
response can be shown as three styles including pretty, raw and preview
also can support custom self-signed certificate import. Response status
code and headers are also supported in Postman-Android. Currently in
play store as Alpha Stage
Personal project 2–Rom0 parser
Developed a vulnerability Analyzer android application that will scan the
Wi-Fi router from local or global to check whether it is having the RomO
Vulnerability. It was build based on the ROM-0 Backup File Disclosure
(CVE-2014-4019)
Working:
By giving particular request to the router will make the router to return
the Rom0 file which contains the sensitive information of Router
Password, ISP password and the Wi-Fi password. Decrypting the Rom0
file will show the data contains the passwords and sensitive information.
It helps to check the network or modem is safe to accessible from local
or global.

Freelance project 1– laava.id
Laava app is developed to scan the custom made tag to validate the
products and track the scan history made by all the users. Laava id also
provide safe environment to prevent the counterfeit product In food,
cosmetics and medical industry. Laava id will work like a modern QR
scanner but having own tag which will be detected only by laava scanner
designed with material design. The app starts with login module. While
the login success. Then the camera view initiated to detect the custom
laava tag and validate the code in server which uses ExPerHash
techniques to detect the hash of the uploaded images to find the
similarity in images. Upon validation the server will return the history of
scan of the same tag, product information, and counterfeit products will
be warned. Implemented security features like communication based on
signed certificate and methods to detect code change or tamper
detection in APK file.

DHAANISH AHMED COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING
 Qualification B.E CSE
 Year of passing 2011-2015
 CGPA/Percentage 6.95
K.C.S. HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL
 Qualification XII
 Year of passing APRIL 2011
 CGPA/Percentage 75%
K.C.S. HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL
 Qualification X
 Year of passing APRIL 2009
 CGPA/Percentage 80.4%

Skills
Familiar with Retrofit, OkHTTP, rxJava, EventBus, Dagger,Zxing ,Volley
libraries and usage
Familiar with MVP Design Pattern implementation
Excellent technical knowledge of Java for Android
Good understanding of software development best practices
Strong knowledge and understanding of different Android platforms
Extensive UI Design experience and Material Designing Concepts
